BSPCOMP v1.00

   This program compiles the Binary Space Partition information for DOOM,
DOOM2, and Heretic levels.

Included are executable for DOS real mode and DOS protected mode (DPMI). The
real mode executable is about 15% faster than the DPMI version, but the 
DPMI executable can handle nearly any size wad file you throw at it.

NOTE: You would need a VERY large wad file to require the DPMI version...
      I have successfully recompiled the DOOM.WAD, HERETIC.WAD, and DOOM2.WAD
      files with the real mode executable.

Special Features:

   Will process ALL level entries in a WAD file or can be told to only
   compile a single level with the -l[levname] parameter.

   Will also copy any other resources (sounds, sprites, etc.) to output
   wad if the -l parameter (levels only) is not used.

   By using the -e parameter, the output levels will be TWICE their
   original size.  This is great if you find a small deathmatch level
   that is OK for two player, but is a bit small for 3 or 4 players.

   Can flip a level around its Y axis to produce a mirror image of the
   original... adds a new twist to your game play.

   If you use the -p parameter, it makes for a very interesting effect.  This
   option creates a fully "REJECTED" map.  To put it simply, no monsters on
   the level will ever attack you, because they are all blind.  Another
   interesting effect produced by this option is the fact that rockets no
   longer have a blast area around them (you must be hit directly to be
   injured) and neither do barrel explosions.  You can actually walk up and
   punch a barrel and not get hurt. (-p stands for pacifist monsters)

   It's resonably fast... it will compile the entire DOOM.WAD on my 
   486DX4/100 in about 3:25.  Most average size wad files take it about 
   5-10sec to compile, large levels are about 15-20sec.

   For more info on the command line options, use the -h parameter.

   For credit info type BSPCOMP with no parameters.

File list:

   BSPCOMP.EXE    The DOS real mode executable.
   BSPCDPMI.EXE   The DOS protected mode executable.
   RTM.EXE        Required by BSPCDPMI
   DPMI16BI.OVL   Required by BSPCDPMI
   README         More info on using BSPCOMP (TEXT)
   README.COM     README file browser
   BSPCOMP.TXT    This file

   written by: Joshua Jackson
               Jackson Software

